Apply style guide updates to channels content (#888)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/channels/channel-app-best-practices.md

# Channel App Best Practices

> <!-- https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/channels/guide/channel-app-best-practices -->

Reviewer: @markcmurphy, what's this here for?

Author: @uwikaiddi The /api-docs file structure and markdown file names don't totally correspond to the left-hand nav on developer.bigcommerce.com. I added code comments with the URL so someone unfamiliar with the repo can reference the live page faster (or verify they're working on the intended page). They're mostly small differences like the markdown file for the Building Channels -> Guide -> Introduction being named `channels-overview.md`. 

Should I remove them?

Reviewer: @markcmurphy , no that's a good idea. Leave them, but add a bit more context as to what the information is.
Suggestion: `<!-- Dev Center URL: https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/channels/guide/channel-app-best-practices -->

Consider the audience and various use cases for your application:

- **Merchant A**: only interested in importing products and inventory.
- **Merchant B**: interested in a bi-directional integration of products and sales that keeps data between the channel and BigCommerce in sync.

Merchants should have the option to opt-in or out of the various features of your application.

### For support

If an issue occurs, a merchant should have the option to disable a specific feature that may not be behaving as expected. The idea here is to allow the merchant to continue using the features that are functional while temporarily resolving an issue - instead of having to disable the application completely.

## Syncing

For the various features of your application, it is typically a best practice to offer both a manual 'one time sync' option and automated sync options (based on various sync intervals).

This will provide the merchant with more control over what is synced and when.

Example Automated Sync Intervals:

- **Do not update automatically**: The merchant should have an option to opt-out of automatic syncs.
- **Every X Minutes**: This would trigger the associated event every x minutes.

> - **Real Time**: This would utilize webhooks to provide ‘real time’ updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Real Time**: This would utilize webhooks to provide ‘real-time’ updates.

```

Author: @uwikaiddi Should we add hyphens to both, then? Also, does it need quotation marks?

`**Real-Time**: This would utilize webhooks to provide real-time updates.`

Reviewer: @markcmurphy 
No, we only hyphenate things acting as descriptors/adjectives. 
What kind of update? A **real-time** update....
And yes, remove the quotations.

# Channel App Best Practices

<!-- https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/channels/guide/channel-app-best-practices -->

<div class="otp" id="no-index">

## On this page

> - [Channel App Best Practices](#channel-app-best-practices)

Reviewer 2: You do not need to include subheaders.
```suggestion
- [Modular Features](#modular-features)
- [Syncing](#syncing)
- [Performance](#performance)
- [Logging](#logging)
- [Related resources](#related-resources)

```

This will provide the merchant with more control over what is synced and when.

Example Automated Sync Intervals:

- **Do not update automatically**: The merchant should have an option to opt-out of automatic syncs.
- **Every X Minutes**: This would trigger the associated event every x minutes.
- **Real Time**: This would utilize webhooks to provide ‘real time’ updates.

## Performance

To provide merchants with a positive integration experience, we expect point of sale applications to meet or exceed the following benchmark:

- **Catalog Import/Export:** 100 Complex Products per Second.

<!-- theme: info -->

> **Note**
>
> This volume of requests per second may hit the rate limits of lower tier BigCommerce plans - logic should be implemented around the response headers to ensure your application does not exceed the allowable number of requests for a given storefront.

For increased performance, consider using batch operations and parallel requests when possible.

## Logging

A log of all events should be kept and made accessible to the merchant utilizing the application.

> Logs should be broken out per service. For example: On the app page where a user would go to interact with product import functionality - they would expect to find all logs relating to that specific feature.

Reviewer 2: I think we should re-write this sentence to make it more concise. 
```suggestion
Logs should be broken out per service. For example, a user should be able to access all logs related to a specific feature.
```
